[Verse 1]
pineapple on a pizza
pineapple on a pizza is
pineapple ona pizza is a crime
pineapple on a pizza is

[Pre-Chorus]
pineapple on a pizzza is
pineapple on aerospace's
abomination on aces
abomination is

[Chorus]
pineapple on a pizza is a
pineapple belongs onawa
pineapple doesn't belongia
pineapple should not adorna
pineapple doesn't belong on
a flavor on a savion

[Post-Chorus]
pineapple

[Verse 2]
pineapple should not be on
pineapple should perignon
pineapple on a pizza is a
pineapple on a pizza is

[Pre-Chorus]
pineapple on a pizzza is
pineapple on aerospace's
abomination on aces
abomination is

[Chorus]
pineapple on a pizza is a
pineapple belongs onawa
pineapple doesn't belongia
pineapple should not adorna
pineapple doesn't belong on
a flavor on a savion

[Post-Chorus]
pineapple

[Guitar Solo]


[Verse 3]
pineapple doesn't belong on
pineapple doesn't belong on
pineapple doesn't belong on
pineapple doesn't belong on

[Pre-Chorus]
pineapple on a pizzza is
pineapple on aerospace's
abomination on aces
abomination is

[Chorus]
pineapple on a pizza is a
pineapple belongs onawa
pineapple doesn't belongia
pineapple should not adorna
pineapple doesn't belong on
a flavor on a savion

[Outro]
pineapple doesn't belong none
pineapple doesn't belong sun
pineapple doesn't belong fun
pineapple doesn't belong son
pineapple doesn
